close;answering machine;The messages stop playing.;zoom;desk;
inspect;answering machine;Looks like there are some new messages. (Type ‘play messages’ to hear.);zoom;desk;
listen;answering machine;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;on
play;answering machine;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;on
press;answering machine;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;toggle
smell;answering machine;No smell at all.;zoom;desk;
taste;answering machine;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;desk;
turnoff;answering machine;You stop the messages playing.;special;answering machine;off
turnon;answering machine;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;on
use;answering machine;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;toggle
stop;answering machine;You stop the messages playing.;special;answering machine;off
close;backpack;The backpack is already closed.;zoom;chest;
inspect;backpack;It’s large and looks brand-new. A pack like this is appropriate for a long trip.;clue;backpack;
lock;backpack;There is no lock.;zoom;chest;
open;backpack;You pilot the Fly Spy through a gap in the closure, but there’s nothing in there.;zoom;chest;
smell;backpack;No lingering scent from the outdoors at all.;clue;backpack;
taste;backpack;The Tasting Proboscis detects no flavors to speak of.;zoom;chest;
unlock;backpack;The backpack isn’t locked.;zoom;chest;
close;book;If you closed the book, you might lose your place. The Fly Spy is not equipped to handle that.;zoom;desk;
inspect;book;Seems to be some sort of diary. Could be useful.;sceneChange;book;
open;book;The book is already open, it cannot get more open.;zoom;desk;
read;book;Seems to be some sort of diary. Could be useful.;sceneChange;book;
smell;book;It does not have a new book smell, OR an old book smell.;zoom;desk;
taste;book;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;zoom;desk;
read;book;Seems to be some sort of diary. Could be useful.;sceneChange;book;
inspect;boots;Boots are broken-in but no mud in the soles.;clue;boots;
smell;boots;A slight foot smell, but no lingering mud or pollen scent.;clue;boots;
taste;boots;The Tasting Proboscis detects leather, and not much else.;zoom;chest;
inspect;calendar;It's turned to the current month, and has handwritten appointments.;sceneChange;calendar;
read;calendar;It's turned to the current month, and has handwritten appointments.;sceneChange;calendar;
smell;calendar;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;nil;;
taste;calendar;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;nil;;
inspect;carpet;Strange, there’s a hole torn in this carpet, with threads trailing off.;clue;carpet;
smell;carpet;About a million smells from every foot that’s ever stepped on it. Effectively no smells.;nil;;
taste;carpet;Tastes like every shoe that has ever stepped on it. You are glad the Fly Spy is tasting, not you.;nil;;
close;chest;You put the chest’s lid back on, truly stretching the limit of the Fly Spy’s capabilities.;special;lock;close
inspect;chest;A bright green trunk covered in stickers. It has a four-digit combination lock.;zoom;chest;
lock;chest;Well, alright. The chest is locked.;special;lock;close
open;chest;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;special;lock;open
press;chest;You try to use the Fly Spy to nudge the chest over, but it doesn’t budge.;zoom;chest;
read;chest;There are several stickers on the chest with different words and numbers.;clue;stickers;
smell;chest;No odor that might indicate to you what is inside.;zoom;chest;
taste;chest;What a rich bouquet of taste. There are so many parts of this chest to sample. Nothing helpful, though.;zoom;chest;
unlock;chest;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;special;lock;open
use;chest;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;special;lock;toggle
code;nil;nil;special;code;
inspect;clothing;Wool and technical fabric, meant for backpacking.;zoom;chest;
smell;clothing;Smells fairly freshly laundered.;zoom;chest;
taste;clothing;The Tasting Proboscis detects no flavors to speak of.;zoom;chest;
inspect;corkboard;An oversized corkboard nailed to the wall. It's covered with ephemera.;zoom;corkboard;
read;corkboard;The board itself does not have much in the way of lettering, even if you look really close.;nil;;
smell;corkboard;Ah, the smell of cork. Which smells like, well, nothing.;nil;;
taste;corkboard;The Fly Spy’s Tasting Proboscis comes up empty (save for a small sampling of cork).;nil;;
close;curtains;You close the curtains, filtering out a surprising amount of light.;special;curtains;close
inspect;curtains;The gauzy pink curtains are beautiful.;zoom;curtains;
open;curtains;You pull the curtains back with your grappling hook to let more light into the room.;special;curtains;open
smell;curtains;They smell a bit dusty.;zoom;window;
taste;curtains;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;window;
use;curtains;You adjust the curtains.;special;curtains;toggle
inspect;desk;This desk is tidy, yet it has a thin layer of dust across the surface. Undisturbed.;zoom;desk;
smell;desk;It smells a bit dusty, that’s it.;zoom;desk;
taste;desk;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;desk;
inspect;desk outlet;The answering machine is plugged in here.;zoom;desk;
press;desk outlet;You push the answering machine plug in a bit more firmly.;zoom;underDesk;
smell;desk outlet;It smells like electricity.;zoom;underDesk;
taste;desk outlet;Perhaps do not stick parts of your Fly Spy into electrical outlets.;zoom;underDesk;
turnoff;desk outlet;You don’t see any place around to flip the breaker for this room.;zoom;underDesk;
turnon;desk outlet;You don’t see any place around to flip the breaker for this room.;zoom;underDesk;
use;desk outlet;If you unplug the answering machine, you won’t be able to listen to the messages.;zoom;underDesk;
unplug;desk outlet;If you unplug the answering machine, you won’t be able to listen to the messages.;zoom;underDesk;
plugin;desk outlet;It's already plugged in.;zoom;underDesk;
close;envelope;The envelope has been torn open, and there is no tape to be found for repairs. It remains open.;zoom;desk;
inspect;envelope;It’s addressed to ‘Jean Cabot’ at this address. Typed out, no return address.;clue;envelope;
open;envelope;The envelope has been torn open already. It's empty.;zoom;desk;
read;envelope;It’s addressed to ‘Jean Cabot’ at this address. Typed out, no return address.;clue;envelope;
smell;envelope;It smells a little like exhaust fumes, probably just from the postman delivering it.;zoom;desk;
taste;envelope;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;zoom;desk;
inspect;flower;Just a flower, fully blooming. The Fly Spy’s advanced olfactory system may have another clue.;zoom;desk;
smell;flower;Expecting a nice floral scent, you find instead that this flower is actually just plastic.;clue;flower;
taste;flower;Unfortunately, the Tasting Proboscis gets no pollen. This is a plastic flower.;clue;flower;
inspect;garbage;Ah, getting into the disguise: flies *do* love trash. Soda can, crumpled sketches, taco wrappers.;zoom;underDesk;
smell;garbage;The Fly Spy’s sensors detect a lingering sweet scent of soda residue, and a faint rotting smell, probably from the old taco wrapper;clue;garbage;
taste;garbage;The soda residue tastes sweet. The dregs of taco meat do not.;clue;garbage;
inspect;trash;Ah, getting into the disguise: flies *do* love trash. Soda can, crumpled sketches, taco wrappers.;zoom;underDesk;
smell;trash;The Fly Spy’s sensors detect a lingering sweet scent of soda residue, and a faint rotting smell, probably from the old taco wrapper;clue;garbage;
taste;trash;The soda residue tastes sweet. The dregs of taco meat do not.;clue;garbage;
inspect;guidebook;This is a guidebook to Alaska’s best backpacking trips.;clue;guidebook;
read;guidebook;This is a guidebook to Alaska’s best backpacking trips.;clue;guidebook;
smell;guidebook;Definite new book smell.;zoom;chest;
taste;guidebook;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;zoom;chest;
inspect;key;This is the key for Sparrow’s agency-issued Honda CR-V.;clue;key;
smell;key;No scent.;nil;;
taste;key;The Tasting Proboscis detects no flavors to speak of.;nil;;
inspect;lamp;Just a cheap plastic light source. It’s on and there’s no off switch that you can see.;nil;;
press;lamp;The Fly Spy nudges the lamp a bit, but it doesn’t do much. Any harder and it might topple.;nil;;
smell;lamp;It smells a bit dusty, that’s it.;nil;;
taste;lamp;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;nil;;
turnoff;lamp;You cannot find an off switch.;nil;;
turnon;lamp;The lamp has no light switch that you can find.;nil;;
use;lamp;The lamp has no switch that you can see.;nil;;
plugin;lamp;You plug in the lamp to the outlet.;special;lamp;on
unplug;lamp;You unplug the lamp from the outlet. It gets a bit darker in here.;special;lamp;off
inspect;lamp outlet;This is indeed where the lamp is plugged in to the wall.;zoom;lampOutlet;
press;lamp outlet;You plug in the lamp to the outlet.;special;lamp;on
smell;lamp outlet;It smells like electricity.;nil;;
taste;lamp outlet;Perhaps do not stick parts of your Fly Spy into electrical outlets.;nil;;
turnoff;lamp outlet;You don’t see any place around to flip the breaker for this room.;special;lamp;off
turnon;lamp outlet;You plug in the lamp to the outlet.;special;lamp;on
use;lamp outlet;You use the Fly Spy’s grappling hook.;special;lamp;toggle
inspect;lamp plug;The plug seems fairly loose.;zoom;lampOutlet;
smell;lamp plug;It smells like electricity.;nil;;
taste;lamp plug;Tastes like plastic. So, not much.;nil;;
turnoff;lamp plug;You use the Fly Spy’s grappling hook to unplug the lamp.;special;lamp;off
turnon;lamp plug;You plug in the lamp to the outlet.;special;lamp;on
use;lamp plug;You use the Fly Spy’s grappling hook.;special;lamp;toggle
plugin;lamp plug;You plug in the lamp to the outlet.;special;lamp;on
unplug;lamp plug;You unplug the lamp from the outlet. It gets a bit darker in here.;special;lamp;off
inspect;letter;This is probably what was inside the envelope.;sceneChange;letter;
read;letter;This is probably what was inside the envelope.;sceneChange;letter;
smell;letter;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;zoom;desk;
taste;letter;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;zoom;desk;
inspect;lined paper;A grocery list: eggs, lettuce, cheddar cheese. Healthy staples.;zoom;lined paper;
read;lined paper;A grocery list: eggs, lettuce, cheddar cheese. Healthy staples.;zoom;lined paper;
smell;lined paper;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;nil;;
taste;lined paper;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;nil;;
close;lock;Well, alright. The chest is locked.;special;chest;close
inspect;lock;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;zoom;chest;
lock;lock;Well, alright. The chest is locked.;special;chest;close
open;lock;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;zoom;chest;
press;lock;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;zoom;chest;
smell;lock;No odor that might indicate to you what is inside.;zoom;chest;
taste;lock;Slightly metallic taste, probably because it is made of metal.;zoom;chest;
unlock;lock;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;zoom;chest;
use;lock;The chest’s lock has a four-digit combination. To enter it, type "code ####" with the combination.;zoom;chest;
inspect;map;A map of town. It has a gridded alphanumeric system, and a bunch of circled letters.;sceneChange;map;
read;map;A map of town. It has a gridded alphanumeric system.;sceneChange;map;
smell;map;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;nil;;
taste;map;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;nil;;
inspect;messages;Looks like there are some new messages. (Type ‘play messages’ to hear.);zoom;desk;
listen;messages;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;on
play;messages;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;on
press;messages;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;toggle
read;messages;Looks like there are some new messages. (Type ‘play messages’ to hear.);zoom;desk;
stop;messages;You stop the messages.;special;answering machine;off
smell;messages;You cannot smell digital media.;zoom;desk;
taste;messages;You cannot taste digital media. If only. Maybe someday.;zoom;desk;
turnoff;messages;You stop the messages playing.;special;answering machine;off
turnon;messages;You play the messages. (Turn up the sound to hear, or read them in your 'notes'.);special;answering machine;on
inspect;painting;An amateur painting of Sparrow, it seems. She’s hiking in the mountains.;clue;painting;
smell;painting;The paint smells faintly like acrylic.;zoom;window;
taste;painting;It tastes like paint. Doesn’t matter if it’s non-toxic, the Fly Spy is doing the tasting for you.;zoom;window;
inspect;pen;Regular old ballpoint. Purple, though.;zoom;desk;
smell;pen;Nope, no scent.;zoom;desk;
taste;pen;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;zoom;desk;
use;pen;The Fly Spy’s navigation system is advanced, but not advanced enough to write with a full-sized pen.;zoom;desk;
close;pink desk drawer;The Fly Spy nudges the drawer shut.;special;pink desk drawer;close
inspect;pink desk drawer;It looks like she painted these drawers herself. Not locked.;zoom;desk;
lock;pink desk drawer;There is no lock.;zoom;desk;
open;pink desk drawer;Using the Fly Spy’s special grappling hook, you open the drawer. Looks like some paint and a brush, hurriedly put away.;special;pink desk drawer;open
press;pink desk drawer;The Fly Spy nudges the drawer shut.;special;pink desk drawer;close
smell;pink desk drawer;It smells a bit dusty, that’s it.;zoom;desk;
taste;pink desk drawer;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;desk;
unlock;pink desk drawer;The drawer isn’t locked.;zoom;desk;
use;pink desk drawer;Using the Fly Spy’s special grappling hook, you open the drawer.;special;pink desk drawer;toggle
inspect;polaroid;A photo of Sparrow with a man in the background. The caption says ‘My brother W.S.’;clue;polaroid;
read;polaroid;A photo of Sparrow with a man in the background. The caption says ‘My brother W.S.’;clue;polaroid;
smell;polaroid;Do polaroids smell like anything? Nah. Now you know.;nil;;
taste;polaroid;Tastes like polaroid chemicals.;nil;;
read;postits;She was taking some sort of notes. They appear to be written in code?;sceneChange;postits;
smell;postits;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;nil;;
taste;postits;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;nil;;
inspect;postits;She was taking some sort of notes. They appear to be written in code?;clue;postits;
close;purple desk drawer;The Fly Spy nudges the drawer shut.;special;purple desk drawer;close
inspect;purple desk drawer;It looks like she painted these drawers herself. Not locked.;zoom;desk;
lock;purple desk drawer;There is no lock.;zoom;desk;
open;purple desk drawer;Using the Fly Spy’s special grappling hook, you open the drawer.;special;purple desk drawer;open
press;purple desk drawer;The Fly Spy nudges the drawer shut.;special;purple desk drawer;close
smell;purple desk drawer;It smells a bit dusty, that’s it.;zoom;desk;
taste;purple desk drawer;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;desk;
unlock;purple desk drawer;The drawer isn’t locked.;zoom;desk;
use;purple desk drawer;Using the Fly Spy’s special grappling hook, you open the drawer.;special;purple desk drawer;toggle
inspect;receipt;Looks like Sparrow spent quite a bit on camping supplies on February 13. Where are they?;clue;receipt;
read;receipt;Looks like Sparrow spent quite a bit on camping supplies on February 13. Where are they?;clue;receipt;
smell;receipt;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;nil;;
taste;receipt;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;zoom;desk;
inspect;ski cap;Hand-knit, with a little bauble and everything. Has a small hole repaired.;zoom;chest;
smell;ski cap;Smells fairly freshly laundered.;zoom;chest;
taste;ski cap;The Tasting Proboscis detects no flavors to speak of.;zoom;chest;
inspect;sleeping bag;Rated to sub-freezing temperatures, this is definitely meant for cold weather.;zoom;chest;
smell;sleeping bag;No smells - this bag has never been used.;zoom;chest;
taste;sleeping bag;It doesn’t taste of anything. It hasn’t been used.;zoom;chest;
inspect;stickers;There are several stickers on the chest with different words and numbers.;clue;stickers;
read;stickers;There are several stickers on the chest with different words and numbers.;clue;stickers;
smell;stickers;Unfortunately, they are not scratch-n-sniff.;zoom;chest;
taste;stickers;They are not scratch-n-taste stickers.;zoom;chest;
inspect;stool;While you don’t think this looks particularly comfortable, it seems to be all there is.;zoom;underDesk;
smell;stool;You start to smell it, and then think better of it.;zoom;underDesk;
taste;stool;Tastes like how you’d always imagined a stool would taste.;zoom;underDesk;
close;telephone;That’s not quite how a telephone works. One cannot ‘close’ a telephone.;zoom;desk;
inspect;telephone;This telephone is old-school. At least it has buttons, not a dial.;zoom;desk;
listen;telephone;You knock the receiver off the hook and listen, but there is no dial tone.;zoom;desk;
press;telephone;When you try to use the telephone, you discover that there is no dial tone.;zoom;desk;
use;telephone;When you try to use the telephone, you discover that there is no dial tone.;zoom;desk;
smell;telephone;Your advanced Fly Spy sniffer detects traces of human skin oils, nothing else.;zoom;desk;
taste;telephone;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;desk;
turnoff;telephone;The telephone is not making any calls.;zoom;desk;
turnon;telephone;Older telephones like this don’t really have on or off switches. They’re just plugged to the wall.;zoom;desk;
use;telephone;You knock the receiver off the hook and listen, but there is no dial tone.;zoom;desk;
inspect;telephone receiver;No fingerprint smudges, cord isn’t kinked or warped. Well cared-for.;zoom;desk;
listen;telephone receiver;You knock the receiver off the hook and listen, but there is no dial tone.;zoom;desk;
use;telephone receiver;You knock the receiver off the hook and listen, but there is no dial tone.;zoom;desk;
press;telephone receiver;Nothing happens.;zoom;desk;
smell;telephone receiver;Your advanced Fly Spy sniffer detects traces of human skin oils, nothing else.;zoom;desk;
taste;telephone receiver;The Tasting Proboscis detects no flavors to speak of.;zoom;desk;
turnoff;telephone receiver;This isn’t quite how telephones work.;zoom;desk;
turnon;telephone receiver;Older telephones like this don’t really have on or off switches. They’re just plugged to the wall.;zoom;desk;
inspect;tickets;Two tickets to the opera for February 15. They appear unused.;clue;tickets;
read;tickets;Two tickets to the opera for February 15. They appear unused.;clue;tickets;
smell;tickets;No discernable scent, it’s just paper.;nil;;
taste;tickets;Tastes faintly of ink, nothing special.;nil;;
inspect;vase;Looks fancy, but on closer inspection, it’s just molded plastic.;zoom;desk;
smell;vase;Getting close to the vase, you smell nothing. A plastic flower in a plastic vase.;clue;flower;
taste;vase;The Tasting Proboscis detects no flavors to speak of.;zoom;desk;
close;window;If you close the window, you won’t be able to make your exit.;zoom;window;
inspect;window;The window is open and the sounds and smells of the street are drifting up into the room.;zoom;window;
listen;window;You can hear cars driving down the street and children playing in the park down the block.;zoom;window;
open;window;The window is already open, that’s how you got in here!;zoom;window;
smell;window;Fly Spy’s olfactory system can detect the smell of tacos from the shop across the street.;zoom;window;
taste;window;Your Fly Spy Tasting Proboscis gets a little sampling of dust.;zoom;window;
use;window;You look out the window at the taco shop across the way.;zoom;window;